https://github.com/ingadhoc/aeroo_reports -b 8.0, ingadhoc-aeroo_reports
https://github.com/ingadhoc/odoo-support -b 8.0, ingadhoc-odoo-support
https://github.com/ingadhoc/odoo-argentina -b 8.0, ingadhoc-odoo-argentina
https://github.com/ingadhoc/odoo-infrastructure -b 9.0, ingadhoc-odoo-infrastructure
https://github.com/ingadhoc/odoo-web -b 8.0, ingadhoc-odoo-web
https://github.com/ingadhoc/website -b 8.0, ingadhoc-website
https://github.com/ingadhoc/product -b 8.0, ingadhoc-product
https://github.com/ingadhoc/account-analytic -b 8.0, ingadhoc-account-analytic
https://github.com/ingadhoc/partner -b 8.0, ingadhoc-partner
https://github.com/ingadhoc/purchase -b 8.0, ingadhoc-purchase
https://github.com/ingadhoc/crm -b 8.0, ingadhoc-crm
https://github.com/ingadhoc/hr -b 8.0, ingadhoc-hr
https://github.com/ingadhoc/account-payment -b 8.0, ingadhoc-account-payment
https://github.com/ingadhoc/account-financial-tools -b 8.0, ingadhoc-account-financial-tools
https://github.com/ingadhoc/sale -b 8.0, ingadhoc-sale
https://github.com/ingadhoc/account-invoicing -b 8.0, ingadhoc-account-invoicing
https://github.com/ingadhoc/reporting-engine -b 8.0, ingadhoc-reporting-engine
https://github.com/ingadhoc/miscellaneous -b 8.0, ingadhoc-miscellaneous
https://github.com/ingadhoc/stock -b 8.0, ingadhoc-stock
https://github.com/ingadhoc/multi-company -b 8.0, ingadhoc-multi-company
https://github.com/ingadhoc/project -b 8.0, ingadhoc-project
https://github.com/ingadhoc/manufacture -b 8.0, ingadhoc-manufacture
https://github.com/ingadhoc/survey -b 8.0, ingadhoc-survey
